Update SQL Server documentation and general formatting fixes. (#4899)
dotnet/EntityFramework.Docs: entity-framework/core/providers/sql-server/index.md

> [!NOTE]
> The provider references Microsoft.Data.SqlClient (not System.Data.SqlClient). If your project takes a direct dependency on SqlClient, make sure it references the Microsoft.Data.SqlClient package.

> [!TIP]
> The Microsoft.Data.SqlClient package ships more frequently than the EF Core provider. If you would like to take advantage of new features and bug fixes, you can add a direct package reference to the latest version of Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.

> [!WARNING]
> The async implementation of [Microsoft.Data.SqlClient](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient) unfortunately has some known issues (e.g. [#593](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/issues/593), [#601](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/issues/601), and others). If you're seeing unexpected performance problems, try using sync command execution instead, especially when dealing with large text or binary values.

## Usage

> Besides the expected `UseSqlServer` you can also use `UseAzureSql` and `UseAzureSynapse` methods to specify you're connecting to Azure SQL or Azure Synapse Analytics specifically, which allows the provide optimizations for these platforms. It's also recommended to use `UseCompatibilityLevel` method to specify the compatibility level so that the generated SQL is compatible and/or uses the latest possible features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with EF 9, it's recommended to use `UseAzureSql` and `UseAzureSynapse` to specify that you're connecting to Azure SQL or Azure Synapse Analytics specifically, and `UseSqlServer` to specify that you're connecting to on-premises SQL Server; doing so allows the provider to optimize for and properly support these platforms. It's also recommended to use `UseCompatibilityLevel` method to specify the compatibility level so that the generated SQL is compatible and/or uses the latest possible features.
```

Reviewer: We may need to include a small note on how to work around the UseNetTopologySuite problem... (and other plugins)

Reviewer 2: @cincuranet Have you added this note?

Author: https://github.com/dotnet/EntityFramework.Docs/issues/4900
